A Sourcemod plugin for TF2 jumping that adds various improvements through optional settings without affecting the core gameplay. Works on Linux servers and Windows listen servers (aka offline). Requires Sourcemod 1.11 or above (1.12 to fix the `reloadfire` audio bug on listen servers).

Install by first downloading the required extension [SendVarEdit](https://github.com/chrb22/sendvaredit) ([link to ZIP](https://github.com/chrb22/sendvaredit/releases/download/v1.0.0/sendvaredit_tf2_v1.0.0.zip)) and extracting it directly into `<TF2 folder>/tf`. Then download this repository (Green `<> Code` button -> `Download ZIP`) and navigate to `<TF2 folder>/tf/addons/sourcemod/`. Put `jumpqol.txt` into the `gamedata` folder. Then `jumpqol.sp` needs to be compiled by using `spcomp[.exe]` in the `scripting` folder. On Windows this can be done by placing `jumpqol.sp` in the `scripting` folder, then dragging and dropping `jumpqol.sp` onto `spcomp.exe`, whereafter `jumpqol.smx` will appear next to it. Go back to the `sourcemod` folder and place the compiled `jumpqol.smx` in the `plugins` folder. With that the installation is done.

Players can use `/jumpqol` (`sm_jumpqol` in console) to see the available settings with descriptions. If a setting is more than just an on/off setting, then `/jumpqol <setting>` will show what the possible values that can be used are. Finally changing the value of a setting is done through `/jumpqol <setting> <value>`.

The server can similarly use `sm_jumpqol` to list all the settings along with the default values. The default values can be changed with the ConVars `sm_jumpqol_<setting>_default` and it is possible to enforce the default values by setting the ConVars `sm_jumpqol_<setting>_enforce 1`. A config file for these ConVars gets generated at `cfg/sourcemod/jumpqol.cfg`. If a map generates a lot of events, try setting the max number of events that gets checked for gimmicks with `sm_jumpqol_required_maxevents`. Enable `sm_jumpqol_setting_autostop` if function detours should unhook when they aren't in use, but beware that it can cause problems on virtual servers (something with setting memory page permissions).

For finer control, the `jumpqol.inc` include lets other plugins control what setting values the players should have and informs plugins when they try to change them. An example of such a plugin can be seen in `example.sp`.